This assignment will be introduced during today's lab/lecture, on 25th Oct., and has deadline 13 Nov. extended to 22 Nov.
The assignment consists of hands-on, implementation tasks, where students work with the XACML standard and a tool of your choice (some sugested in the assignment). You also need to revisit previous lectures materials in order to do this assignment; at least to know the details of BLP model and Chinese Wall model. Moreover, be sure to check this link out: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2893247/who-uses-xacml, it mentions some XACML implementations, both open-source and commercial. Roberto tested out one of the many implementation available on the Internet, which is called Authzforce. You are free to use this one for the third assignments, but make sure to read the "First steps with Authzforce" short document before getting your hands on the documentation.


PS : Note about learning outcomes of this (and all the other) assignments. The assignments are bigger tasks meant to train creativity and problem solving skils, besides knowledge, related to the course. In exams it is difficult to test/measure such skills, as it is to measure knowledge and comprehention of concepts. So, usually I like to give assignments that have more complex tasks, like this one. Moreover, tasks that are closer to reality are even more interesting for students. This particular assignment I see it as follows. "In the company, the boss comes from a meeting with other people from other companies, and tells the CSO that others are using XACML as their access control mechanism for their eHealth system. So we should also use it. Go look into it and tell us at the next meeting about this."  In other words, there are some security mechanisms, here related to XACML, and we have to try to use these, meaning to install it, to configure it, and then program with it. That is what you will encounter in this task, more than just XACML policy definition. If there are problems along the way, you have to try to solve them as you would do in a company if asked to take in use this mechanism. In this assignment you are more free to choose your XACML implementation. If the policies are in one version but the mechanism accept another version, this again is a real life example because standards change and we as software engineers need to upgrade our software to the new standards (this is one important requirement for security mechanisms, i.e., to not use outdated algorithms/standards/libraries).
So do your best and report your efforts. It does not need to be perfect, correct answers, but it needs to show enough effort and some decent results. Say like "something that would not make the boss fire this CSO"





# Comment
Implemenet sunxacml-1.2 for the program to work.
